the undisputed lightweight champion of
the world
the greatest fighter in the history of
the sport one of the most polarizing
athletes in all of sports
[Applause]
yes
i know he's back in your life helping
you follow your dreams
what's up i'm with my boy jet here about
to be arrested for child abuse
that's right mama's boy holy
crap but because of him how's that feel
you've had to suffer
suffer no they learn
[Music]
hard work adversity
that's how winners are made things never
stops
and i always feel like a failure don't
forget
you're the most wonderful loving giving
brother this might be the worst push-ups
i've ever seen
well yeah i learned it from you
thanks for including me always sport got
you to fight
he's got a bright future
let's end this now
fighting isn't who you are it's what you
do
you're laughing what is that
[Music]
you've been offered another fight
unfortunately it's against me
the most controversial fight in wfa
history
between cash boykins and his 18 year old
son
jeff every 18 year old kid out there
deserves a good old-fashioned ass
whoopin
he's been saying that exact same line to
me since i was three
pray i never end up like you you won't
tomorrow night you've died
[Music]